# tetris-description
Tetris is a video game developed in the Soviet Union in 1984. The game has a simple goal of destroying lines of block before it reaches the top.The line is made up of a square block. Tetrominoes is the shape of the 4 connected blocks that falls vertically down. The player will have to use the tetrominos to create lines that fill the box horizontally, this will clear the lines of blocks. The game continues, the lines of blocksthat is not completely filled will drop down as many lines that were cleared. The game has levels of difficulties which rises as the game is being played.
# Rules
The goal is to drop blocks, called tetrominoes, down into a playing field to make lines. Tetriminoes are made of four connected squares each. There are seven different types of tetrominoes. Levels have a set goal, or number of lines to clear. When the goal number reaches zero, the player moves to the next level. As the levels go up, the tetrominoes fall faster. A player receives bonus points if he can clear more than one line with a single tetromino. Clearing four lines is called a "tetris", three lines a "triple" and two lines a "double". Clearing two tetrises in a row is called a back-to-back tetris. The player can also turn a T-shaped tetromino into a hole, called a T-slot, to get more points. This move is called a "T-spin". A player loses when the tetrominoes make it to the top of the playing field.

The Tetris game requires players to strategically rotate, move, and drop a procession of Tetriminos that fall into the rectangular Matrix at increasing speeds.
Players attempt to clear as many lines as possible by completing horizontal rows of blocks without empty space, but if the Tetriminos surpass the Skyline the game is over.
It might sound simple but strategy and speed can go a long way!
